head
He is of German, Scandinavian, Welsh, Irish, and one fourth Ashkenazi Jewish, descent.
Featured in the music video for the song "Guilt Trip" (2014) by Canadian punk band PUP.
He plays the guitar, the piano, the drums, bass and the harmonica.
His three favourite films are The Graduate (1967), Dazed and Confused (1993) and Melody (2014).


wiki

A native of Vancouver, British Columbia, actor Finn Wolfhard stars as Mike Wheeler in the critically acclaimed Netflix Original Series "Stranger Things." The hit series has received various accolades, including a Screen Actors Guild (SAG) Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series; two MTV Movie & TV Awards for Show of the Year; an AFI award for TV Program of the Year; and a Golden Globe nomination for Best Drama Television Series. To date, the series has received 30 Primetime Emmy Award nominations, including two for Outstanding Drama Series. The third season premiered in July 2019, breaking Netflix viewership records in its first weekend of release and has gone on to become Netflix's most watched season to date. "Stranger Things" was renewed for a fourth season which began production in 2020.

In May 2019, Wolfhard became the new face of Yves Saint Laurent's Fall/Winter 2019 Campaign. In 2020, Wolfhard starred in Amblin's haunted house film "The Turning," opposite Mackenzie Davis and Brooklynn Prince. He also wrapped production on Sony Pictures' highly anticipated "Ghostbusters: Afterlife," a new chapter in the "Ghostbusters" universe, from director Jason Reitman. Slated for release in March 2021, Wolfhard will star alongside Paul Rudd, Carrie Coon and McKenna Grace. Next, Wolfhard will star alongside Oscar winner Julianne Moore in the new comedy-drama feature "When You Finish Saving the World," written and directed by Jesse Eisenberg and produced by Emma Stone. The mother-son story is inspired by Eisenberg's upcoming Audible Original of the same name, which is debuting in 2020. Wolfhard is also set to star as a lead voice over in the upcoming animated series, "NEW-GEN," based on the comic series distributed by Marvel and created by Chris Matonti, J.D. Matonti, and Julia Coppola.


Calpurnia

Calpurnia was a Canadian indie rock band formed in 2017, originating from Vancouver. The band consisted of Finn Wolfhard (lead singer, rhythm guitar), Malcolm Craig (drums), Ayla Tesler-Mabe (lead guitar, vocals) and Jack Anderson (bass, vocal).



The Aubreys

Finn Wolfhard’s new band The Aubreys have released their debut EP ‘Soda & Pie’ March 13, which the Stranger Things star has described as a mix of The Flaming Lips and Wilco.

stranger things

Stranger Things is an American science fiction horror streaming television series created by the Duffer Brothers and released on Netflix. The twins serve as showrunners and are executive producers along with Shawn Levy and Dan Cohen. The series premiered on Netflix on July 15, 2016. Set in the 1980s in the fictional town of Hawkins, Indiana, the first season focuses on the investigation into the disappearance of a young boy amid supernatural events occurring around the town, including the appearance of a girl with psychokinetic abilities. The second season focuses on Will’s side effects from being in the Upside Down with its entities crawling into the real world. The third season focuses Eleven and Mike’s relationship as the kids continue their battle against the Upside Down entities. The series stars an ensemble cast including Winona Ryder, David Harbour, Finn Wolfhard, Millie Bobby Brown, Gaten Matarazzo, Caleb McLaughlin, Noah Schnapp, Sadie Sink, Natalia Dyer, Charlie Heaton, Joe Keery, Cara Buono and Dacre Montgomery.

it

It, retroactively known as It Chapter One, is a 2017 American supernatural horror film based on Stephen King's 1986 novel of the same name. Produced by New Line Cinema, KatzSmith Productions, Lin Pictures, Vertigo Entertainment, and distributed by Warner Bros. It is the first film in the It film series as well as being the second adaptation following Tommy Lee Wallace's 1990 miniseries. The film tells the story of seven children in Derry, Maine, who are terrorized by the eponymous being, only to face their own personal demons in the process. The film is also known as It: Part 1 – The Losers' Club.


the turning

The Turning is a 2020 American supernatural horror film directed by Floria Sigismondi and written by Carey W. Hayes and Chad Hayes. It is a modern adaptation of the 1898 ghost story The Turn of the Screw by Henry James. The film stars Mackenzie Davis, Finn Wolfhard, Brooklynn Prince, and Joely Richardson, and follows a young governess in 1994 who is hired to watch over two children after their parents' deaths.